Remove the mention about scheduling (#37401)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod.md

<!-- overview -->

This page shows how to configure Pods so that they will be assigned particular

> Quality of Service (QoS) classes. Kubernetes uses QoS classes to make decisions about evicting Pods.

Reviewer: AIUI the particular flavor of eviction when QoS class might be relevant is specifically preemption, and we could mention that.
```suggestion
Quality of Service (QoS) classes. Kubernetes uses QoS classes to make decisions about
which Pods to {{<glossary_tooltip text="preempt" term_id="preemption" >}}.
```
```

Reviewer 2: Actually no. It's node-pressure eviction.

Preemption needs to be rephrased
